well MP ends have been somewhat
mysterious disorder for a very long time
and for a while there was a it was so
poorly understood that physicians had a
hard time understanding what the
diagnosis was how to diagnose it
appropriately what the subtype was and
how to appropriately characterize that
subtype now as the awareness has been
has grown primarily driven by patients
and patient advocates I think there's a
growing awareness of what the this
family of disorders is how it manifests
perhaps most importantly what the
molecular lesions are what the genetics
is for these again for this family of
diseases and I think all of this
together increased advocacy a better
understanding of the molecular
mechanisms and increasing physician
awareness has driven a change in how
people understand and diagnose these
diseases